[DOCS] Pre-configured connectors can no longer be used within Cases (#123876)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/connectors/pre-configured-connectors.asciidoc

- Appear in all spaces because they are not saved objects.
- Cannot be edited or deleted.

> NOTE: Pre-configured connectors cannot be used with cases. 

Reviewer: To match usage in the rest of the topic.
```suggestion
NOTE: Preconfigured connectors cannot be used with cases. 
```

Reviewer: Also, does "cases" refer to _any_ cases in Kibana, or just Security cases?

Reviewer 2: Hey! Yes, this applies to all cases for all solutions.

Reviewer: Thanks for confirming @cnasikas! I think this sentence is fine as is, then.
